Make improvements to Portal RBAC docs (#5378)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/api/portal-auth/portal-rbac-guide.md

## Overview

> A common scenario for a Developer Portal is to restrict developers' ability to view or request access to specific services based on their permisisons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common scenario for a Dev Portal is to restrict developers' ability to view or request access to specific services based on their permissions.
```
